ON ALL THINGS AMAZON, AND KIM WEHLE FORMER ASSISTANT U.S.
WEHLE FORMER ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY.
ATTORNEY. DYLAN, WE GOT TO START WITH YOU.
DYLAN, WE GOT TO START WITH YOU. WHAT COULD BE SO DAMAGING THAT
WHAT COULD BE SO DAMAGING THAT AMI WOULD RESORT TO A APPARENT
AMI WOULD RESORT TO A APPARENT BLACKMAIL TO END BEZOS’S
BLACKMAIL TO END BEZOS’S INVESTIGATION AND PRESUMABLY
INVESTIGATION AND PRESUMABLY KEEPING HIM FROM FINDING OUT HOW
KEEPING HIM FROM FINDING OUT HOW EXACTLY THEY GOT THESE TEXTS?
EXACTLY THEY GOT THESE TEXTS? >> THAT REALLY IS THE QUESTION
>> THAT REALLY IS THE QUESTION BECAUSE WHAT WE HAVE HERE IN
BECAUSE WHAT WE HAVE HERE IN JEFF BEZOS’S POST ARE PRETTY
JEFF BEZOS’S POST ARE PRETTY DETAILED LETTERS SHOWING WHAT
DETAILED LETTERS SHOWING WHAT AMI ALLEGEDLY HAD ON HIM, THE
AMI ALLEGEDLY HAD ON HIM, THE QUESTION IS, WHAT MIGHT JEFF
QUESTION IS, WHAT MIGHT JEFF BEZOS HAVE KNOWN, WHAT MIGHT HE
BEZOS HAVE KNOWN, WHAT MIGHT HE HAVE HAD GOING AFTER HOW AMI GOT
HAVE HAD GOING AFTER HOW AMI GOT A HOLD OF THESE INFORMATION,
A HOLD OF THESE INFORMATION, THESE PHOTOS AND TEXTS THAT THEY
THESE PHOTOS AND TEXTS THAT THEY FOUND SO DAMNING AND ON TOP OF
FOUND SO DAMNING AND ON TOP OF THAT, WHY ARE THEY CONTINUING TO
THAT, WHY ARE THEY CONTINUING TO GO AFTER JEFF BEZOS AFTER DAVID
GO AFTER JEFF BEZOS AFTER DAVID PECKER, THE CHAIRMAN OF AMI, HAS
PECKER, THE CHAIRMAN OF AMI, HAS ALREADY COPPED TO PARTICIPATING
ALREADY COPPED TO PARTICIPATING IN CATCH AND KILL STORIES WITH
IN CATCH AND KILL STORIES WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP TO THE JUSTICE
PRESIDENT TRUMP TO THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT?
DEPARTMENT? THERE’S NO QUESTION THAT THE
THERE’S NO QUESTION THAT THE SCRUTINY IS ALREADY THERE, SO
SCRUTINY IS ALREADY THERE, SO WHY ARE THEY DOING THIS?
WHY ARE THEY DOING THIS? THAT INDEED IS THE QUESTION.
THAT INDEED IS THE QUESTION. WHAT DO THEY HAVE?
WHAT DO THEY HAVE? THIS WHOLE STORY AS YOU JUST
THIS WHOLE STORY AS YOU JUST LAID IT OUT SO FASCINATING
LAID IT OUT SO FASCINATING BECAUSE WHAT YOU EFFECTIVELY
BECAUSE WHAT YOU EFFECTIVELY HAVE IS YOU HAVE BEZOS, THE
HAVE IS YOU HAVE BEZOS, THE WEALTHIEST MAN IN THE WORLD, THE
WEALTHIEST MAN IN THE WORLD, THE FOUNDER OF AMAZON GOING FROM
FOUNDER OF AMAZON GOING FROM BEING THIS PUNCHLINE OF THIS
BEING THIS PUNCHLINE OF THIS SORTED AFFAIR THAT EITHER
SORTED AFFAIR THAT EITHER DESTROYED HIS MARRIAGE OR
DESTROYED HIS MARRIAGE OR HASTENED THE DESTRUCTION OF HIS
HASTENED THE DESTRUCTION OF HIS MARRIAGE, CAST HIM IN A VERY
MARRIAGE, CAST HIM IN A VERY NEGATIVE AND SCANDALOUS LIGHT,
NEGATIVE AND SCANDALOUS LIGHT, FLIPPING THAT SCRIPT OVER NIGHT
FLIPPING THAT SCRIPT OVER NIGHT TO ALL OF A SUDDEN BECOMING
TO ALL OF A SUDDEN BECOMING PRAISED AS A HERO OF JOURNALISM
PRAISED AS A HERO OF JOURNALISM WHO IS INDICTING THE AMERICAN
WHO IS INDICTING THE AMERICAN CULTURE AND REALLY RECASTING
CULTURE AND REALLY RECASTING HIMSELF AS PART OF THAT LARGER
HIMSELF AS PART OF THAT LARGER NARRATIVE OF THE "THE WASHINGTON
NARRATIVE OF THE "THE WASHINGTON POST" AND THE MEDIA STANDING UP
POST" AND THE MEDIA STANDING UP AGAINST THAT SORTED KIND OF
AGAINST THAT SORTED KIND OF JOURNALISM.
JOURNALISM. >> AS A SOURCE CLOSE TO BEZOS
>> AS A SOURCE CLOSE TO BEZOS TOLD ME LAST NIGHT, DO NOT POKE
TOLD ME LAST NIGHT, DO NOT POKE THIS BEZOS BEAR.
THIS BEZOS BEAR. KIM, TO ME IT’S NOT A SURPRISE
KIM, TO ME IT’S NOT A SURPRISE HOW DAVID PECKER RUNS HIS
HOW DAVID PECKER RUNS HIS BUSINESS.
BUSINESS. WE’VE KNOWN THIS IS HOW THE
WE’VE KNOWN THIS IS HOW THE ENQUIRER OPERATES FOR YEARS, BUT
ENQUIRER OPERATES FOR YEARS, BUT IT SEEMS INCREDIBLY RECKLESS TO
IT SEEMS INCREDIBLY RECKLESS TO PUT THESE THREATS IN AN EMAIL
PUT THESE THREATS IN AN EMAIL GIVEN THAT THERE’S A DEAL THAT
GIVEN THAT THERE’S A DEAL THAT WAS MADE WITH FEDERAL
WAS MADE WITH FEDERAL PROSECUTORS?
PROSECUTORS? >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. THE COOPERATION DEAL HAD TO DO
THE COOPERATION DEAL HAD TO DO WITH THE QUID PRO QUO TO SILENCE
WITH THE QUID PRO QUO TO SILENCE A WOMAN WHO HAD HAD A
A WOMAN WHO HAD HAD A RELATIONSHIP WITH THE PRESIDENT,
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE PRESIDENT, KAREN McDOUGAL AND THEY
KAREN McDOUGAL AND THEY ESSENTIALLY AGREED, LISTEN, DOJ
ESSENTIALLY AGREED, LISTEN, DOJ SAID WE’RE NOT GOING TO
SAID WE’RE NOT GOING TO PROSECUTE YOU FOR THE RELATED
PROSECUTE YOU FOR THE RELATED ELECTION AND CAMPAIGN FINANCE
ELECTION AND CAMPAIGN FINANCE VIOLATIONS WITH THIS IF YOU
VIOLATIONS WITH THIS IF YOU COOPERATE AND THE AGREEMENT IS
COOPERATE AND THE AGREEMENT IS VERY CLEAR.
VERY CLEAR. THE DEAL IS COMPLETELY OFF IF
THE DEAL IS COMPLETELY OFF IF YOU ENGAGE HAD ANY CRIMES
YOU ENGAGE HAD ANY CRIMES WHATSOEVER.
WHATSOEVER. WE DON’T KNOW IF THERE ARE ANY
WE DON’T KNOW IF THERE ARE ANY CRIMES HERE.
CRIMES HERE. POSSIBLY IF THE INFORMATION MR.
POSSIBLY IF THE INFORMATION MR. BEZOS’S PRIVATE INFORMATION WAS
BEZOS’S PRIVATE INFORMATION WAS HACKED, THAT’S CERTAINLY A
HACKED, THAT’S CERTAINLY A CRIME, AND THERE’S SOME TALK
CRIME, AND THERE’S SOME TALK ABOUT EXTORTION.
ABOUT EXTORTION. THAT’S ANOTHER QUESTION OF THE
THAT’S ANOTHER QUESTION OF THE WHETHER THERE’S ELEMENTS OR
WHETHER THERE’S ELEMENTS OR FACTS GETTING RISE TO THAT.
FACTS GETTING RISE TO THAT. THE NOTION THAT THEY HAVE THIS
THE NOTION THAT THEY HAVE THIS AGREEMENT, THE JUSTICE
AGREEMENT, THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT IS -- HAS THEM UNDER
DEPARTMENT IS -- HAS THEM UNDER SCRUTINY, THE NOOSE WAS AROUND
SCRUTINY, THE NOOSE WAS AROUND THEIR NECK AND THEY’RE
THEIR NECK AND THEY’RE NONETHELESS ENGAGING IN
NONETHELESS ENGAGING IN PROBLEMATIC, AT THE LEAST TYPE
PROBLEMATIC, AT THE LEAST TYPE COMMUNICATIONS WITH A TITAN OF
COMMUNICATIONS WITH A TITAN OF THE MEDIA OR AMAZON TITAN.
THE MEDIA OR AMAZON TITAN. IT’S REALLY QUITE DANGEROUS AND
IT’S REALLY QUITE DANGEROUS AND SO THE QUESTION ARISES WHY, WHY
SO THE QUESTION ARISES WHY, WHY PUT IT ALL ON THE LINE IN THIS
PUT IT ALL ON THE LINE IN THIS WAY?
WAY? WHAT KIND OF POLITICALLY
WHAT KIND OF POLITICALLY MOTIVATED CHARGES AGAINST AMI
MOTIVATED CHARGES AGAINST AMI WOULD BEZOS ALLEGEDLY HAVE
WOULD BEZOS ALLEGEDLY HAVE GIVEN?
GIVEN? >> WE SHOULD REMIND OUR
>> WE SHOULD REMIND OUR AUDIENCE, AMI DOES NOT OWN THE
AUDIENCE, AMI DOES NOT OWN THE NATIONAL ENQUI THEY OWN US
NATIONAL ENQUI THEY OWN US WEEKLY."
WEEKLY." THE FIRST WEEK DAVID PECKER HAD
THE FIRST WEEK DAVID PECKER HAD EDITORIAL CONTROL OF US WEEKLY,
EDITORIAL CONTROL OF US WEEKLY, THAT FIRST ISSUE HAD A GLOWING
THAT FIRST ISSUE HAD A GLOWING LIFESTYLE ARTICLE ABOUT IVANKA
LIFESTYLE ARTICLE ABOUT IVANKA TRUMP AND SINCE HAS HAD MANY,
TRUMP AND SINCE HAS HAD MANY, MANY ARTICLES ABOUT THE TRUMP
MANY ARTICLES ABOUT THE TRUMP FAMILY AND THEIR LIFESTYLE.
FAMILY AND THEIR LIFESTYLE. SCOTT, YOU TWEETED LAST NIGHT
SCOTT, YOU TWEETED LAST NIGHT SPEAKING OF THE PRESIDENT, THAT
SPEAKING OF THE PRESIDENT, THAT YOU BELIEVE HE IS DIRECTLY
YOU BELIEVE HE IS DIRECTLY INVOLVED IN THIS.
INVOLVED IN THIS. WE HAVE NO EVIDENCE OF THAT BUT
WE HAVE NO EVIDENCE OF THAT BUT CLEARLY IT’S ON YOUR MIND.
CLEARLY IT’S ON YOUR MIND. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. AND TO BE CLEAR IT’S PURE
AND TO BE CLEAR IT’S PURE SPECULATION.
SPECULATION. A KEY TELL AMONG LAW ENFORCEMENT
A KEY TELL AMONG LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS IS WHEN SOMEONE IS
OFFICIALS IS WHEN SOMEONE IS DRIVING 45 MILES AN HOUR IN THE
DRIVING 45 MILES AN HOUR IN THE FAST LANE THAT THEY’RE HIDING
FAST LANE THAT THEY’RE HIDING SOMETHING.
SOMETHING. THE PRESIDENT’S SILENCE ON THIS
THE PRESIDENT’S SILENCE ON THIS IS EERIE.
IS EERIE. HE TWEETED ABOUT BEZOS CALLING
HE TWEETED ABOUT BEZOS CALLING HIM BOW ZOE JANUARY 4th BUT THIS
HIM BOW ZOE JANUARY 4th BUT THIS IS SOMEONE WHO NEVER MISSES AN
IS SOMEONE WHO NEVER MISSES AN OPPORTUNITY TO MOCK SOMEONE HE
OPPORTUNITY TO MOCK SOMEONE HE PERCEIVES AS AN ADVERSARY VIA
PERCEIVES AS AN ADVERSARY VIA TWITTER AND HE HASN’T SAID
TWITTER AND HE HASN’T SAID ANYTHING AND I THINK THAT’S --
ANYTHING AND I THINK THAT’S -- THAT’S A TELL HERE AND LIKE WITH
THAT’S A TELL HERE AND LIKE WITH A FACEBOOK HACK OR ANY SCANDAL
A FACEBOOK HACK OR ANY SCANDAL INVOLVING THE PRESIDENT, THE
INVOLVING THE PRESIDENT, THE ONLY THING WE KNOW FOR SURE IS
ONLY THING WE KNOW FOR SURE IS THAT IT’S ALMOST WORSER, ALWAYS
THAT IT’S ALMOST WORSER, ALWAYS WORSE THAN WE ORIGINALLY
WORSE THAN WE ORIGINALLY THOUGHT.
THOUGHT. I THINK THIS IS GOING TO BE ONE
I THINK THIS IS GOING TO BE ONE OF THE BIGGEST STORIES OF 2019
OF THE BIGGEST STORIES OF 2019 AND THERE ARE SEVERAL CARDS
AND THERE ARE SEVERAL CARDS STILL TO BE TURNED OVER HERE.
STILL TO BE TURNED OVER HERE. PUT ANOTHER WAY?
PUT ANOTHER WAY? THE PRESIDENT AND AMI ARE BOTH
THE PRESIDENT AND AMI ARE BOTH ACTING LIKE GUILTY PARTIES RIGHT
ACTING LIKE GUILTY PARTIES RIGHT NOW.
NOW. >> ACTING.
>> ACTING. I WANT TO BRING MY PANEL IN RICK
I WANT TO BRING MY PANEL IN RICK TYLER AND MARK THOMPSON.
TYLER AND MARK THOMPSON. RICK, YOU KNOW AMI AND THE
RICK, YOU KNOW AMI AND THE "NATIONAL ENQUIRER," YOU WORKED
"NATIONAL ENQUIRER," YOU WORKED WITH TED CRUZ AND IT WAS THE
WITH TED CRUZ AND IT WAS THE "NATIONAL ENQUIRER" THAT WAS
"NATIONAL ENQUIRER" THAT WAS GOING HARD AFTER TED CRUZ WITH
GOING HARD AFTER TED CRUZ WITH THE RIDICULOUS CONSPIRACY THEORY
THE RIDICULOUS CONSPIRACY THEORY THAT HIS OWN FATHER WAS TIED TO
THAT HIS OWN FATHER WAS TIED TO THE ASSASSINATION OF JFK.
THE ASSASSINATION OF JFK. CAN YOU TELL ME YOUR EXPERIENCE
CAN YOU TELL ME YOUR EXPERIENCE OR WHAT YOU KNOW ABOUT THIS
OR WHAT YOU KNOW ABOUT THIS ORGANIZATION?
ORGANIZATION? >> WHAT’S AT STAKE HERE, WHAT
>> WHAT’S AT STAKE HERE, WHAT BEZOS IS ESTABLISHING THAT THE
BEZOS IS ESTABLISHING THAT THE "NATIONAL ENQUIRER" IS NOT
"NATIONAL ENQUIRER" IS NOT LEGITIMATE NEWS.
LEGITIMATE NEWS. >> WE KNEW THAT.
>> WE KNEW THAT. >> BUT IT’S AN IMPORTANT POINT
>> BUT IT’S AN IMPORTANT POINT AND THEN WHEN YOU HAVE THE
AND THEN WHEN YOU HAVE THE PRESIDENT WHO IS FRIENDS WITH
PRESIDENT WHO IS FRIENDS WITH DAVID PECKER AND HE HAS
DAVID PECKER AND HE HAS CONSISTENTLY USED THAT TABLOID
CONSISTENTLY USED THAT TABLOID TO STRIKE AT HIS POLITICAL
TO STRIKE AT HIS POLITICAL ENEMIES, HE DID THAT WITH TED
ENEMIES, HE DID THAT WITH TED CRUZ AND HERE HE’S DOING IT WITH
CRUZ AND HERE HE’S DOING IT WITH JEFF BEZOS BUT JEFF BEZOS IS NOW
JEFF BEZOS BUT JEFF BEZOS IS NOW PUNCHING DOWN BECAUSE HIS LETTER
PUNCHING DOWN BECAUSE HIS LETTER IS EXTRAORDINARY BECAUSE HE
IS EXTRAORDINARY BECAUSE HE IMINDICATES NOT ONLY THE
IMINDICATES NOT ONLY THE PRESIDENT IN HIS LETTER BUT NOT
PRESIDENT IN HIS LETTER BUT NOT DIRECTLY AND HE IMPLICATES THE
DIRECTLY AND HE IMPLICATES THE SAUDIS BECAUSE THEY ARE -- THEY
SAUDIS BECAUSE THEY ARE -- THEY WOULD BE THE FIRST PERSON YOU
WOULD BE THE FIRST PERSON YOU WOULD GO TO TO SAY WHERE DID YOU
WOULD GO TO TO SAY WHERE DID YOU GET THESE TEXTS?
GET THESE TEXTS? IT SEEMS TO BE EITHER FROM THE
IT SEEMS TO BE EITHER FROM THE GOVERNMENT OR THE SAUDI
GOVERNMENT OR THE SAUDI GOVERNMENT, LIKELY THE SAUDI
GOVERNMENT, LIKELY THE SAUDI GOVERNMENT AND THAT’S -- THAT’S
GOVERNMENT AND THAT’S -- THAT’S A BIG -- THAT’S A BIG PROBLEM.
A BIG -- THAT’S A BIG PROBLEM. >> NOT RUSSIA?
>> NOT RUSSIA? >> HE DIDN’T -- HE DIDN’T
>> HE DIDN’T -- HE DIDN’T MENTION RUSSIA.
MENTION RUSSIA. THE OTHER THING THAT WAS
THE OTHER THING THAT WAS INTERESTING, HE ACTUALLY MADE
INTERESTING, HE ACTUALLY MADE HIMSELF INCREDIBLY VULNERABLE
HIMSELF INCREDIBLY VULNERABLE AND HE DESCRIBES THE TEXT AND
AND HE DESCRIBES THE TEXT AND THE PHOTOS THAT AMI HAS IN THEIR
THE PHOTOS THAT AMI HAS IN THEIR POSSESSION BECAUSE ONCE YOU READ
POSSESSION BECAUSE ONCE YOU READ THE DESCRIPTIONS OF THE PHOTOS,
THE DESCRIPTIONS OF THE PHOTOS, NO OFFENSE, JEFF, THERE’S NO
NO OFFENSE, JEFF, THERE’S NO REAL MARKET FOR PEOPLE TO SAY,
REAL MARKET FOR PEOPLE TO SAY, GEE, I WISH WE COULD SEE THOSE
GEE, I WISH WE COULD SEE THOSE PHOTOS.
PHOTOS. >> THAT’S NOT TRUE.
>> THAT’S NOT TRUE. HOLD ON A SECOND.
HOLD ON A SECOND. THERE IS A HUGE MARKET.
THERE IS A HUGE MARKET. I’M NOT SAYING A PERSONAL
I’M NOT SAYING A PERSONAL INTEREST, WHAT YOU GOT GOING ON
INTEREST, WHAT YOU GOT GOING ON DOWN THERE, BUT IT’S A HUGE
DOWN THERE, BUT IT’S A HUGE STORY?
STORY? >> IT BLUNTS THE WHOLE -- THE
>> IT BLUNTS THE WHOLE -- THE WAY THEY OPERATE.
WAY THEY OPERATE. GEE, LOOK AT THIS NOW EVERYBODY
GEE, LOOK AT THIS NOW EVERYBODY KNOWS THEY HAVE IT AND THIS IS
KNOWS THEY HAVE IT AND THIS IS SORTED.
SORTED. THESE ARE THE KINDS OF PEOPLE
THESE ARE THE KINDS OF PEOPLE THE PRESIDENT LIKES TO HANG OUT
THE PRESIDENT LIKES TO HANG OUT WITH.
WITH. >> MY FRIEND STEPHANIE GOSK JUST
>> MY FRIEND STEPHANIE GOSK JUST WALKED IN WITH A STATEMENT
WALKED IN WITH A STATEMENT RECEIVED FROM AMERICAN MEDIA.
RECEIVED FROM AMERICAN MEDIA. WE HADN’T GOTTEN A RESPONSE
WE HADN’T GOTTEN A RESPONSE UNTIL NOW.
UNTIL NOW. I’LL READ IT TO YOU.
I’LL READ IT TO YOU. AMERICAN MEDIA BELIEVES THAT IT
AMERICAN MEDIA BELIEVES THAT IT ACTED LAWFULLY IN THE REPORTING
ACTED LAWFULLY IN THE REPORTING OF THE STORY OF MR. BEZOS.
OF THE STORY OF MR. BEZOS. FURTHER, AT THE TIME OF THE
FURTHER, AT THE TIME OF THE RECENT ALLEGATIONS MADE BY MR.
RECENT ALLEGATIONS MADE BY MR. BEZOS IT WAS IN GOOD FAITH
BEZOS IT WAS IN GOOD FAITH NEGOTIATIONS TO RESOLVE ALL
NEGOTIATIONS TO RESOLVE ALL MATTERS WITH HIM.
MATTERS WITH HIM. NONETHELESS, IN LIGHT OF THE
NONETHELESS, IN LIGHT OF THE NATURE OF THE ALLEGATIONS
NATURE OF THE ALLEGATIONS PUBLISHED BY MR. BEZOS, THE
PUBLISHED BY MR. BEZOS, THE BOARD HAS CONVENED AND
BOARD HAS CONVENED AND DETERMINED THAT IT SHOULD
DETERMINED THAT IT SHOULD PROMPTLY AND THOROUGHLY
PROMPTLY AND THOROUGHLY INVESTIGATE THE CLAIMS UPON
INVESTIGATE THE CLAIMS UPON COMPLETION OF THAT
COMPLETION OF THAT INVESTIGATION, THE BOARD WILL
INVESTIGATION, THE BOARD WILL TAKE WHATEVER APPROPRIATE ACTION
TAKE WHATEVER APPROPRIATE ACTION IS NECESSARY.
IS NECESSARY. OKAY.
OKAY. THAT’S A WOW.
THAT’S A WOW. FIRST OF ALL, THEY SAY RIGHT OUT
FIRST OF ALL, THEY SAY RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE, WE STAND BEHIND THE
OF THE GATE, WE STAND BEHIND THE REPORTING THAT WE DID.
REPORTING THAT WE DID. NO ONE’S DENYING THAT.
NO ONE’S DENYING THAT. JEFF BEZOS HAD AN AFFAIR WITH
JEFF BEZOS HAD AN AFFAIR WITH THIS WOMAN.
THIS WOMAN. HE DIDN’T SAY THAT WASN’T THE
HE DIDN’T SAY THAT WASN’T THE CASE.
CASE. WE GOT THAT.
WE GOT THAT. BUT NOW THE BOARD IS LOOKING
BUT NOW THE BOARD IS LOOKING INTO THE CONDUCT OF AMI.
INTO THE CONDUCT OF AMI. THAT IS INTERESTING.
THAT IS INTERESTING. >> TO THEY HAVE A CHOICE -- DO
>> TO THEY HAVE A CHOICE -- DO THEY HAVE A CHOICE?
THEY HAVE A CHOICE? IN A REAL WORLD IN A NORMAL
IN A REAL WORLD IN A NORMAL SITUATION, THERE’S
SITUATION, THERE’S ACCOUNTABILITY IN A CORPORATION,
ACCOUNTABILITY IN A CORPORATION, THERE’S A BOARD.
THERE’S A BOARD. IF SOMEONE IS GOING ROGUE LIKE
IF SOMEONE IS GOING ROGUE LIKE PECKER IS, ALTHOUGH I FIND IT
PECKER IS, ALTHOUGH I FIND IT DOUBTFUL THAT HE HAS A BOARD
DOUBTFUL THAT HE HAS A BOARD THAT DOES NOT EXIST OF SINK
THAT DOES NOT EXIST OF SINK COFANTS THAT WOULDN’T GO ALONG
COFANTS THAT WOULDN’T GO ALONG WITH HIM.
WITH HIM. YOUR BOARD SAYS WE’RE GOING TO
YOUR BOARD SAYS WE’RE GOING TO LOOK INTO THIS INDIVIDUAL --
LOOK INTO THIS INDIVIDUAL -- >> WE DON’T KNOW THAT HE HAS A
>> WE DON’T KNOW THAT HE HAS A SINK COFAN TICK BOARD, BECAUSE
SINK COFAN TICK BOARD, BECAUSE HE’S EITHER BEEN IN BANKRUPTCY
HE’S EITHER BEEN IN BANKRUPTCY OR ON THE VERGE OF BANKRUPTCY
OR ON THE VERGE OF BANKRUPTCY MANY TIMES AND THAT COMPANY HAS
MANY TIMES AND THAT COMPANY HAS GONE THROUGH A NUMBER OF RESCUE
GONE THROUGH A NUMBER OF RESCUE FINANCING DEALS.
FINANCING DEALS. HE MIGHT HAVE A BOARD THAT’S NOT
HE MIGHT HAVE A BOARD THAT’S NOT NECESSARILY FRIENDLY.
NECESSARILY FRIENDLY. >> MAYBE NOT NOW, BUT HE’S BEEN
>> MAYBE NOT NOW, BUT HE’S BEEN DOING -- THIS ISN’T -- THIS IS
DOING -- THIS ISN’T -- THIS IS NOT A SURPRISE.
NOT A SURPRISE. THIS IS WHAT HE DOES.
THIS IS WHAT HE DOES. WE’VE NEVER HEARD OF ANY BOARD
WE’VE NEVER HEARD OF ANY BOARD THAT’S WORKED WITH HIM THAT HAS
THAT’S WORKED WITH HIM THAT HAS LOOKED INTO HIS CONDUCT BEFORE,
LOOKED INTO HIS CONDUCT BEFORE, HAVE WE?
HAVE WE? >> NO, BUT HIS CONDUCT IN TERMS
>> NO, BUT HIS CONDUCT IN TERMS OF, YOU KNOW, HEY, TIGER WOODS,
OF, YOU KNOW, HEY, TIGER WOODS, I SAW YOU WALKING OUT OF A HOTEL
I SAW YOU WALKING OUT OF A HOTEL WITH A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN WHO
WITH A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN WHO WASN’T YOUR WIFE, I’D LIKE YOU
WASN’T YOUR WIFE, I’D LIKE YOU TO BE ON THE COVER OF MY MEN’S
TO BE ON THE COVER OF MY MEN’S MAGAZINE IS MUCH DIFFERENT THAN
MAGAZINE IS MUCH DIFFERENT THAN WORKING WITH THE PRESIDENT IN
WORKING WITH THE PRESIDENT IN COVERING UP SOMETHING
COVERING UP SOMETHING POTENTIALLY TIED TO WRONGDOING
POTENTIALLY TIED TO WRONGDOING IN WINNING AN ELECTION TO BE THE
IN WINNING AN ELECTION TO BE THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. I WANT TO GO BACK TO YOU.
I WANT TO GO BACK TO YOU. THE FACT THAT JEFF BEZOS WAS NOT
THE FACT THAT JEFF BEZOS WAS NOT INFLUENCED BY AMI, HE WAS
INFLUENCED BY AMI, HE WAS UNWILLING TO SAY THAT THEIR
UNWILLING TO SAY THAT THEIR REPORTING WAS NOT POLITICALLY
REPORTING WAS NOT POLITICALLY MOTIVATED, WHAT DOES THAT TELL
MOTIVATED, WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU ABOUT WHAT BEZOS OR "THE
YOU ABOUT WHAT BEZOS OR "THE WASHINGTON POST" MIGHT KNOW?
WASHINGTON POST" MIGHT KNOW? >> IT TELLS ME THAT HE’S GOING
>> IT TELLS ME THAT HE’S GOING TO BE IF HE’S NOT ALREADY AN
TO BE IF HE’S NOT ALREADY AN IMPORTANT WITNESS IN THE MUELLER
IMPORTANT WITNESS IN THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION AND PERHAPS
INVESTIGATION AND PERHAPS SOMEBODY THAT WOULD TESTIFY IN
SOMEBODY THAT WOULD TESTIFY IN CONNECTION WITH THE VARIOUS
CONNECTION WITH THE VARIOUS CONGRESSIONAL PROBES THAT ARE
CONGRESSIONAL PROBES THAT ARE ONGOING.
ONGOING. IT SEEMS LIKE FOR THIS LEVEL OF
IT SEEMS LIKE FOR THIS LEVEL OF EXCHANGE, THE NOTION THAT E OH,
EXCHANGE, THE NOTION THAT E OH, I’LL COME OUT AND JUST SAY IT
I’LL COME OUT AND JUST SAY IT WAS NOT POLITICALLY MOTIVATED --
WAS NOT POLITICALLY MOTIVATED -- WHAT IS THAT ABOUT?
WHAT IS THAT ABOUT? WHY WAS THAT SO, SO IMPORTANT TO
WHY WAS THAT SO, SO IMPORTANT TO AMI?
AMI? WE CAN ONLY SPECULATE ON IT, BUT
WE CAN ONLY SPECULATE ON IT, BUT AS WITH OTHER ASPECTS OF THIS
AS WITH OTHER ASPECTS OF THIS SORTED RUSSIA/TRUMP STORY, YOU
SORTED RUSSIA/TRUMP STORY, YOU START PULLING THE THREAD AND
START PULLING THE THREAD AND MORE AND MORE COMES OUT.
MORE AND MORE COMES OUT. IN THE BIGGER PICTURE, THE FACT
IN THE BIGGER PICTURE, THE FACT THAT MR. BEZOS IS FIGHTING BACK
THAT MR. BEZOS IS FIGHTING BACK TO WHAT SOME SCHOLARS HAVE
TO WHAT SOME SCHOLARS HAVE CALLED SEX TORTION, THIS IDEA
CALLED SEX TORTION, THIS IDEA THAT YOU TAKE TEXTS OR PICTURES,
THAT YOU TAKE TEXTS OR PICTURES, YOU HACK THEM OR FIND THEM SOME
YOU HACK THEM OR FIND THEM SOME WHERE AND THEN YOU THREATEN
WHERE AND THEN YOU THREATEN PEOPLE IN EXCHANGE FOR
PEOPLE IN EXCHANGE FOR SOMETHING.
SOMETHING. THAT HURTS A LOT OF PEOPLE.
THAT HURTS A LOT OF PEOPLE. IT HURTS PEOPLE WITHOUT A LOT OF
IT HURTS PEOPLE WITHOUT A LOT OF MONEY AND RESOURCES IN THE WAY
MONEY AND RESOURCES IN THE WAY MR. BEZOS HAS.
MR. BEZOS HAS. IT’S LED TO SEVERE TRAGEDIES FOR
IT’S LED TO SEVERE TRAGEDIES FOR THE IDEA BEING, I’LL BE
THE IDEA BEING, I’LL BE HUMILIATED, I’LL BE SHAMED
HUMILIATED, I’LL BE SHAMED AND -- THAT BIGGER NARRATIVE IS
AND -- THAT BIGGER NARRATIVE IS PERHAPS AN IMPORTANT ONE.
PERHAPS AN IMPORTANT ONE. >> SCOTT, YOU TWEETED -- YES?
>> SCOTT, YOU TWEETED -- YES? >> JUST A QUICK POINT ON THAT.
>> JUST A QUICK POINT ON THAT. IT WOULD BE ENOUGH THIS DRAMA
IT WOULD BE ENOUGH THIS DRAMA BETWEEN JEFF BEZOS AND DAVID
BETWEEN JEFF BEZOS AND DAVID PECKER OVER THE QUESTION OF
PECKER OVER THE QUESTION OF EXTORTION AND BLACKMAIL, BUT TO
EXTORTION AND BLACKMAIL, BUT TO ME THAT’S THE SECONDARY STORY.
ME THAT’S THE SECONDARY STORY. THE BIGGER STORY IS WHAT BEZOS
THE BIGGER STORY IS WHAT BEZOS INSIN YATES IN THAT POST WHEN HE
INSIN YATES IN THAT POST WHEN HE EFFECTIVELY SUGGESTS THAT
EFFECTIVELY SUGGESTS THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP AND/OR SAUDI
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND/OR SAUDI ARABIA MIGHT BE BEHIND THE
ARABIA MIGHT BE BEHIND THE POLITICAL MOTIVATION FOR GOING
POLITICAL MOTIVATION FOR GOING AFTER BEZOS BECAUSE THEY DON’T
AFTER BEZOS BECAUSE THEY DON’T LIKE THE COVERAGE THAT THEY’VE
LIKE THE COVERAGE THAT THEY’VE BEEN RECEIVING BY HIS PAPER,
BEEN RECEIVING BY HIS PAPER, "THE WASHINGTON POST."
"THE WASHINGTON POST." NOW THAT’S AN INSINUATION, IT’S
NOW THAT’S AN INSINUATION, IT’S NOT AN ALLEGATION.
NOT AN ALLEGATION. THERE IS GOING TO BE A SORT OF
THERE IS GOING TO BE A SORT OF GREATER FOCUS NOW ON WHAT THOSE
GREATER FOCUS NOW ON WHAT THOSE CONNECTIONS ARE AND, IN FACT,
CONNECTIONS ARE AND, IN FACT, EARLIER TODAY, FORMER CIA
EARLIER TODAY, FORMER CIA DIRECTOR JOHN BRENNAN GAVE US A
DIRECTOR JOHN BRENNAN GAVE US A STATEMENT WHICH SAID
STATEMENT WHICH SAID EFFECTIVELY, I HAVE NO DOUBT
EFFECTIVELY, I HAVE NO DOUBT THAT SAUDI ARABIA WOULD WANT TO
THAT SAUDI ARABIA WOULD WANT TO EMBARRASS JEFF BEZOS AND HURT
EMBARRASS JEFF BEZOS AND HURT HIM FINANCIALLY.
HIM FINANCIALLY. I THINK THAT IS WHERE THE FOCUS
I THINK THAT IS WHERE THE FOCUS OF THIS CONVERSATION IS GOING TO
OF THIS CONVERSATION IS GOING TO TURN AND TO ME THOSE ARE THE
TURN AND TO ME THOSE ARE THE SIGNIFICANT POLITICAL THREATS.
SIGNIFICANT POLITICAL THREATS. >> SCOTT, LAST NIGHT YOU TWEETED
>> SCOTT, LAST NIGHT YOU TWEETED THAT AMI WENT OUT OF BUSINESS
THAT AMI WENT OUT OF BUSINESS LAST NIGHT.
LAST NIGHT. THEY JUST DON’T KNOW IT.
THEY JUST DON’T KNOW IT. THAT’S A WOW, BUT WHY IS NOW?
THAT’S A WOW, BUT WHY IS NOW? WHY THIS?
WHY THIS? WHY IS THIS GOING TO PUT THEM
WHY IS THIS GOING TO PUT THEM OUT OF BUSINESS?
OUT OF BUSINESS? THEY HAVE BEEN IN HOT WATER
THEY HAVE BEEN IN HOT WATER SINCE THEY WENT INTO
SINCE THEY WENT INTO PUBLICATION.
PUBLICATION. >> THE SECOND WORSE BUSINESS
>> THE SECOND WORSE BUSINESS DECISION OF THE LAST 12 MONTHS
DECISION OF THE LAST 12 MONTHS WAS THE WEALTHIEST MAN IN THE
WAS THE WEALTHIEST MAN IN THE WORLD DECIDING TO SEND OUT A
WORLD DECIDING TO SEND OUT A VERY INTIMATE PHOTOS.
VERY INTIMATE PHOTOS. THE WORSE BUSINESS DECISION OF
THE WORSE BUSINESS DECISION OF THE LAST 12 MONTHS IN BUSINESS,
THE LAST 12 MONTHS IN BUSINESS, WAS A MEDIA COMPANY DECIDING TO
WAS A MEDIA COMPANY DECIDING TO ATTEMPT TO EXTORT THE WEALTHIEST
ATTEMPT TO EXTORT THE WEALTHIEST MAN IN THE WORLD VIA EMAIL.
MAN IN THE WORLD VIA EMAIL. THIS HAS ECHOS OF TEAL VERSUS
THIS HAS ECHOS OF TEAL VERSUS GOKER AND IT’S GOING TO HAVE A
GOKER AND IT’S GOING TO HAVE A SIMILAR OUTCOME.
SIMILAR OUTCOME. THE COURTS AND THE PUBLIC ARE
THE COURTS AND THE PUBLIC ARE FED UP WITH ORGANIZATIONS
FED UP WITH ORGANIZATIONS WRAPPING THEMSELVES IN THE FIRST
WRAPPING THEMSELVES IN THE FIRST AMENDMENT TO ENGAGE IN DEPRAVED
AMENDMENT TO ENGAGE IN DEPRAVED ACTIVITY.
ACTIVITY. THEY HAVE LITERALLY TAKEN THE
THEY HAVE LITERALLY TAKEN THE BEST RESOURCE, MOST CREATIVE
BEST RESOURCE, MOST CREATIVE MIND IN BUSINESS AND TURNED HIS
MIND IN BUSINESS AND TURNED HIS ATTENTION FROM DISRUPTING THE
ATTENTION FROM DISRUPTING THE BOOK INDUSTRY TO DESTRUCTION.
BOOK INDUSTRY TO DESTRUCTION. THIS IS LITERALLY -- THERE IS
THIS IS LITERALLY -- THERE IS NOW A MEG LA DONE IN THE READS
NOW A MEG LA DONE IN THE READS COMING FOR AMI.
COMING FOR AMI. THIS WAS A TERRIBLE BUSINESS
THIS WAS A TERRIBLE BUSINESS DECISION ON THE PART OF THE
DECISION ON THE PART OF THE INDIVIDUALS AT PECKER.
INDIVIDUALS AT PECKER. THEY ARE OUT OF BUSINESS.
THEY ARE OUT OF BUSINESS. THEY JUST DON’T KNOW IT YET.
THEY JUST DON’T KNOW IT YET. >> NOT TO MENTION, WHEN YOU CUT
>> NOT TO MENTION, WHEN YOU CUT THAT KIND OF DEAL, YOU ALSO
THAT KIND OF DEAL, YOU ALSO AGREE, THE WORRYING IS NOT TO
AGREE, THE WORRYING IS NOT TO COMMIT ANY CRIMES.
COMMIT ANY CRIMES. >> THINK OF HOW ABSURD IT IS.
>> THINK OF HOW ABSURD IT IS. I’VE TALKED TO THOUSANDS OF
I’VE TALKED TO THOUSANDS OF REPORTERS ON MANY STORIES THAT I
REPORTERS ON MANY STORIES THAT I DIDN’T WANT THEM TO PUBLISH,
DIDN’T WANT THEM TO PUBLISH, RIGHT, AND THERE WAS NEVER LIKE
RIGHT, AND THERE WAS NEVER LIKE THIS NEGOTIATION, IF YOU GIVE US
THIS NEGOTIATION, IF YOU GIVE US THIS, WE WON’T DO THE STORY ON
THIS, WE WON’T DO THE STORY ON YOUR CLIENT.
YOUR CLIENT. THIS IS NOT THE WAY THE PRESS
THIS IS NOT THE WAY THE PRESS SHOULD FUNCTION.
SHOULD FUNCTION. IT’S INTERESTING THAT BEZOS WHO
IT’S INTERESTING THAT BEZOS WHO OWNS "THE WASHINGTON POST" IS
OWNS "THE WASHINGTON POST" IS GOING TO TAKE DOWN AMI.
GOING TO TAKE DOWN AMI. >> THAT WOULD BE AMAZING.
>> THAT WOULD BE AMAZING. >> HEAVENS TO BETSY.
>> HEAVENS TO BETSY. MY GOODNESS.
MY GOODNESS. GREAT CONVERSATION.
GREAT CONVERSATION. >> STEPHANIE?
>> STEPHANIE? >> YES, DYLAN?
>> YES, DYLAN? YES?
YES? >> THAT WASN’T ME --
>> THAT WASN’T ME -- >> SCOTT, EXCUSE ME, SCOTT.
>> SCOTT, EXCUSE ME, SCOTT. >> JUST REAL QUICK, STEPHANIE,
>> JUST REAL QUICK, STEPHANIE, IN YOUR -- KIM TOUCHED ON THIS
IN YOUR -- KIM TOUCHED ON THIS POINT, I’M REALLY HOPING YOU
POINT, I’M REALLY HOPING YOU FOLLOW-UP HERE BUT THE BEST
FOLLOW-UP HERE BUT THE BEST THING THAT CAN COME OUT OF THIS
THING THAT CAN COME OUT OF THIS IS THAT IT CATMAKES A LONGER
IS THAT IT CATMAKES A LONGER CONVERSATION THAT WE HAVE A
CONVERSATION THAT WE HAVE A DIGITAL CRISIS.
DIGITAL CRISIS. JEFF BEZOS KNOWS HE’LL BE OKAY.
JEFF BEZOS KNOWS HE’LL BE OKAY. DOES A 15 OR 16-YEAR-OLD BOY OR
DOES A 15 OR 16-YEAR-OLD BOY OR GIRL WHO IS SITTING AND
GIRL WHO IS SITTING AND STRUGGLING WITH THE MENTAL
STRUGGLING WITH THE MENTAL ANGUISH OF A MISTAKE THEY HAVE
ANGUISH OF A MISTAKE THEY HAVE MADE, DO THEY KNOW THEY WILL BE
MADE, DO THEY KNOW THEY WILL BE OKAY?
OKAY? IT IS NO ACCIDENT THAT TEEN
IT IS NO ACCIDENT THAT TEEN DEPRESSION IS ESCALATING AND
DEPRESSION IS ESCALATING AND SUICIDE AMONG TEEN GIRLS HAS SKY
SUICIDE AMONG TEEN GIRLS HAS SKY ROCKETED.
ROCKETED. THIS NEEDS TO BE A BIGGER
THIS NEEDS TO BE A BIGGER CONVERSATION AROUND THE EMERGING
CONVERSATION AROUND THE EMERGING CRISIS IN TEEN DEPRESSION AND
CRISIS IN TEEN DEPRESSION AND WHAT IT MEANS TO HAVE OUR
WHAT IT MEANS TO HAVE OUR MISTAKES DIGITALIZED.
MISTAKES DIGITALIZED. >> I CANNOT THANK YOU ENOUGH FOR
>> I CANNOT THANK YOU ENOUGH FOR ENDING OUR SEGMENT ON THAT
ENDING OUR SEGMENT ON THAT POWERFUL MOMENT.
POWERFUL MOMENT. >> AS A MOTHER OF A 12-YEAR-OLD,
>> AS A MOTHER OF A 12-YEAR-OLD, WE HAVE THIS CONVERSATION IN MY